PS5 controller
text 
A15 A16

Although the PS5 console has yet to be officially revealed, we have gotten a good look at the new DualSense controller, and it's a doozy. Although the Xbox Series X will come with a fairly simple update of the Xbox One controllers, along the lines of the Elite series 2, the PS5's DualSense is stuffed with new technology. 

Xbox Series X: 13 things to know
For example, its much-touted haptic feedback technology.  The DualSense controllers have "adaptive triggers" that will create resistance according to the in-game task being performed. 

One example given was driving offroad through mud, and how the controller will behave differently if driving on a straight road. Other new features include the "Create" function, which is an evolution of the PS4's "Share" button. 

We're not sure what the Create button will involve exactly, but in an era of social gaming, we can hazard a guess: we believe it will allow gamers to snag screenshots, record, edit and stream footage easier than ever.

RECOMMENDED VIDEOS FOR YOU...
CLOSE
Godfall

Games such as Godfall will be played with the PS5's DualSense

(Image credit: Counterplay Games)
It's no wonder games industry veterans are excited about this new technology. We've chronicled some industry reactions to the DualSense before, but another voice has jumped into the debate. 

News outlet PushSquare spoke to Dying Light 2 developer Techland's lead game designer, Tymon Smektala, who had a few things to say about the possibilities of the DualSense. 

"I absolutely love it. It's an amazing design, as futuristic as we should expect in 2020 - the sci-fi times we already live in. As for the shape, we need to see how it will fit in the hands, but looking at it I get very good vibes - I think it has a chance to be one of the best in history, just big enough but neat & funky at the same time."

PS5 DualSense

(Image credit: Sony)
"I also think that the haptic feedback and adaptive triggers can be real game-changers, way more than people expect right now. I'm curious about the overall sturdiness of the thing. It looks so sleek I wonder if it will survive accidental falls and rage quits. But all in all, even though I know the initial opinions were varied, for me it's absolutely fantastic."

It's no wonder those triggers gain special mention by Smektala. Rather than a redesign for the sake of it, using triggers that change according to in-game tasks help the controller incorporate the sense of touch into the immersive nature of game-playing, as well as sight and sound. 

The gamepad is the main way we interact with the in-game world, so invoking an addition sense may give PS5 the edge over its Microsoft rival. The Xbox Series X may be technically more powerful, but the PS5 could be on-track to provide a more immersive gaming experience.

https://www.t3.com/news/ps5-news-developer-says-dualsense-could-be-best-controller-in-history




Tech Pouch

A17 - A19
Weather resistance and everyday durability

The chances are pretty good that you’re not going to be hauling an everyday tech pouch up a mountain in a torrential downpour. So you don’t need something that’s built like a waterproof tank and designed to take a beating. That being said, you can’t always avoid the occasional rain shower, spilt drink or bumps and scrapes that go hand in hand with everyday use. So a water-resistant build that stands up to daily use is well worth considering, especially if you’re carrying tech devices.

Boundary Port Kitt

Lightweight compactness

Most pouches are carried within larger bags. But you don’t want them taking up a lot of space in your day bag. So a good balance of light weight, compactness and functionality is important. Sometimes this means sacrificing a bit of durability to keep weight to a minimum. So you should decide whether increased durability or lower weight is a priority.

Versatility

Your carry needs and environments can change from day to day. So versatility is a handy feature to have in a pouch. Perhaps you’d appreciate an EDC pouch that can double as a travel Dopp kit. Maybe you want a piece that can carry wet and dry items separately and securely. Or you might want to carry work tools during the week and outdoor trail essentials on the weekend. If these features are important, bear in mind how versatile a pouch is in order to determine whether it will meet the majority of your needs.

Peak Design Tech Pouch

So with the above in mind, we’ve selected some of the best tech pouches and organizers to carry daily, with a healthy dose of flexibility to handle EDC and travel needs…

Peak Design Tech Pouch (US$59.95) A17
Peak Design Tech Pouch

Inspired by origami, the Peak Design Tech Pouch makes great use of space organizing items in multiple pockets while keeping a compact and sleek form. The weatherproof exterior helps shed off showers or accidental spills and there’s even an exterior pocket with a cable pass-through for convenient charging on the go. The self-standing design also features carry handles that assist in easy access on the move.


Bellroy Classic Pouch (US$49) A18
Bellroy Classic Pouch

With its timeless style and thoughtful design Bellroy’s Classic Pouch integrates easily into a variety of carry setups. The self-standing design opens wide for convenient access and provides three interior pockets for organizing your gear. And for added convenience it’s collapsible to take up reduced space in storage or during your travels.


Knomo Fulham Knomad Organiser 13″ (~US$102) A19
KNOMO Fulham Knomad Organiser 13"

Knomo’s Fulham Knomad Organiser blends chic style with a host of storage options, ensuring clean elegance and useful functionality for formal and informal settings alike. The design opens flat and offers diverse pockets for storing everything from cards to cables to tech devices. This version fits up to a 13″ laptop in the padded main compartment, though other size and color options are available too.
https://www.carryology.com/utility/the-best-tech-pouches-and-organizers-to-edc/


Laser Tech A20
https://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2020-04/tuoh-n3i041420.php
Scientists have been using fluorescence microscopy to study the inner workings of biological cells and organisms for decades. However, many of these platforms are often too slow to follow the biological action in 3D; and too damaging to the living biological specimens with strong light illumination.

To address these challenges, a research team led by Dr Kevin Tsia, Associate Professor of the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering and Programme Director of Bachelor of Engineering in Biomedical Engineering of the University of Hong Kong (HKU), developed a new optical imaging technology - Coded Light-sheet Array Microscopy (CLAM) - which can perform 3D imaging at high speed, and is power efficient and gentle to preserve the living specimens during scanning at a level that is not achieved by existing technologies.

This advanced imaging technology was recently published in Light: Science & Applications. An US patent application has been filed for the innovation.

"CLAM allows 3D fluorescence imaging at high frame rate comparable to state-of-the-art technology (~10's volumes per second). More importantly, it is much more power efficient, being over 1,000 times gentler than the standard 3D microscopes widely used in scientific laboratories, which greatly reduces the damage done to living specimens during scanning," explained Dr Tsia.

Existing 3D biological microscopy platforms are slow because the entire volume of the specimen has to be sequentially scanned and imaged point-by-point, line-by-line or plane-by-plane. In these platforms, a single 3D snapshot requires repeated illumination on the specimen. The specimens are often illuminated for thousands to million times more intense than the sunlight. It is likely to damage the specimen itself, thus is not favorable for long-term biological imaging for diverse applications like anatomical science, developmental biology and neuroscience.

Moreover, these platforms often quickly exhaust the limited fluorescence "budget" - a fundamental constraint that fluorescent light can only be generated upon illumination for a limited period before it permanently fades out in a process called "photo-bleaching", which sets a limit to how many image acquisitions can be performed on a sample.

"Repeated illumination on the specimen not only accelerates photo-bleaching, but also generates excessive fluorescence light that does not eventually form the final image. Hence, the fluorescence "budget" is largely wasted in these imaging platforms," Dr Tsia added.

The heart of CLAM is transforming a single laser beam into a high-density array of "light-sheets" with the use of a pair of parallel mirrors, to spread over a large area of the specimen as fluorescence excitation.

"The image within the entire 3D volume is captured simultaneously (i.e. parallelized), without the need to scan the specimen point-by-point or line-by-line or plane-by-plane as required by other techniques. Such 3D parallelization in CLAM leads to a very gentle and efficient 3D fluorescence imaging without sacrificing sensitivity and speed," as pointed out by Dr Yuxuan Ren, a postdoctoral researcher of the work. CLAM also outperforms the common 3D fluorescence imaging methods in reducing the effect of photo-bleaching.

To preserve the image resolution and quality in CLAM, the team turned to Code Division Multiplexing (CDM), an image encoding technique which is widely used in telecommunication for sending multiple signals simultaneously.


pc gaming A21-A27





Netgear A28
https://www.reviewgeek.com/32221/netgears-new-nighthawk-mesh-wifi-6-system-is-super-cheap-for-a-price/
Mesh Wi-Fi 6 router systems are slowly starting to roll out. They should give you the strongest and fastest speeds your network can offer. But so far they’ve been expensive—like $700 worth of expensive. Netgear’s new Nighthawk Mesh WiFi 6 goes for a much more reasonable $230, but it gets there by cutting out features.

Easy Mesh And Affordable
Wi-Fi 6 is the future of networking, and if you have trouble covering all corners of your home in wireless goodness, then mesh is a must-have too. Netgear’s Nighthawk combines both, and in a surprise move, the company is embracing the EasyMesh standard for the first time.

Netgear is the second company we’ve seen at CES to embrace the standard, accompanied by D-Link, but unlike the latter, Netgear hasn’t yet made a complete commitment to EasyMesh—at least not yet.

The system includes two nodes, a router and satellite, which is less than you’d get for the equally priced eero system (which doesn’t support Wi-Fi 6). Unfortunately, that’s not the only place where you’ll lose out on some features.

Less Powerful Than Other Wi-Fi 6 Systems
The back of two routers, one showing two ethernet ports and the other with one ethernet ports.
The lack of ports is just one area Netgear cut back to reduce the price. Netgear
To reduce the price, Netgear pulled back on some features. The router unit comes with two ethernet ports, as opposed to the usual four, and likewise, the satellite unit sports just one ethernet port (reduced from the usual two).

You’ll get less bandwidth to work with and fewer antennas: the Nighthawk relies on 2×2 arrays for both the 2.4GHz and 5GHz networks as opposed to the 4×4 arrays other more expensive have. The company claims this mesh system should still 1,500 square foot home, but that’s likely under ideal conditions.




Virtual reality 
Half-Life: Alyx is a 2020 virtual reality (VR) first-person shooter developed and published by Valve. Taking place between the events of Half-Life (1998) and Half-Life 2 (2004), players control Alyx Vance as she is tasked on a mission to seize a Combine superweapon. Players use VR to interact with the environment and fight enemies, using "gravity gloves" to manipulate objects, similar to the gravity gun from Half-Life 2. Traditional elements from the series return, such as physics-based puzzles, combat and exploration, as well as some survival horror aspects.

Valve began experimenting with VR in the mid-2010s, recognizing the demand for a large-scale VR game. Valve experimented with VR prototypes featuring their various IP, such as Portal, eventually settling on Half-Life, which had not seen a release since Half-Life 2: Episode Two in 2007. Development entered full production using their Source 2 engine in 2016, with the largest team in Valve's history. It was released for Microsoft Windows on March 23, 2020, supporting most PC-compatible VR headsets. Upon its release, the title received acclaim from critics, who praised its graphics, voice acting, writing, and atmosphere. It has been cited by some as VR's first killer app.

Half-Life: Alyx is a virtual reality (VR) game that supports all SteamVR-compatible VR headsets, which include the Valve Index, HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, Oculus Quest (wired through Oculus Link, or wireless using Virtual Desktop) and all Windows Mixed Reality headsets.[1] As the gameplay was designed around VR, Valve stated there were no plans for a non-VR version.[1][2] Half-Life: Alyx also supports user mods via the Steam Workshop.[3] Valve's Robin Walker anticipated that fans would modify the game to allow it to be played without VR equipment, adding that Valve was curious to see how players would react to this version.[4] Tyler McVicker of Valve News Network discovered a pre-release build of the game mistakenly leaked on Steam that included non-VR developer tools, allowing interactions such as picking up objects and firing weapons. However, most of the game's basic interactions such as pressing buttons or filling Alyx's backpack could not be completed with the "use" key. McVicker concluded that unless a modder found a way to completely change how the player's actions affected the game world, it was impossible to play the entire game with a non-VR control scheme.[5]
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Half-Life:_Alyx




xbox game streaming A29
https://www.theverge.com/2020/3/20/21188787/microsoft-xcloud-windows-10-pc-app-game-streaming-service-preview
Microsoft has started testing its Project xCloud game streaming service for Windows 10 PCs this week. The software giant is making the preview version, which lets you stream Xbox games to a PC, available to all Microsoft employees. The Verge has been able to obtain exclusive screenshots of how xCloud will work on PCs.

Microsoft has developed an Xbox Game Streaming app for Windows 10 that will be available in the Windows Store. Much like the Android or iOS versions, the app requires a Bluetooth Xbox One controller, a Microsoft account, and a good internet connection. The PC app will also support streaming games from an Xbox One console locally or remotely, instead of using Microsoft’s xCloud server blades.

There are a variety of games available to Microsoft employees to test, but the app is currently limited to 720p streams for now. “This internal preview is running at 720p resolution with 1080p just around the corner,” reveals an internal Microsoft support note.

The experience is very similar to what is available on Android and iOS, even down to the user interface and the way you access and stream games. It certainly looks ready to be tested broadly, and it’s likely that Microsoft will roll this out to external Xbox testers soon.

Microsoft also recently upgraded its xCloud server blades to include eight Xbox One S consoles in a single server instance. That’s up from the four the company was previously testing.


Microsoft’s xCloud server
Microsoft is now working to eventually transition these xCloud servers to the Xbox Series X processor. This next-gen processor is far more powerful and capable of running four Xbox One S game sessions simultaneously on a single chip. It also includes a new built-in video encoder that is up to six times faster than the current external encoder that Microsoft uses on existing xCloud servers.

Microsoft has committed to launching xCloud this year, with PS4 controller support and this Windows 10 streaming on the way. The Xbox maker is planning to integrate Project xCloud with Xbox Game Pass later this year, allowing players to stream games from the company’s subscription service directly from the cloud.




HeadPhones Bose A30
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2019/sep/16/bose-noise-cancelling-headphones-700-review-less-business-more-modern-design
 You can switch between 11 levels of noise cancelling using the Bose Music app, from maximum blocking to fully open ambient sound. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs/The Guardian
The original QC35 pushed noise-cancelling technology to the next level and the Headphones 700 match them, competing favourably with Sony’s best, particularly on commutes, handling wind noise better than any other. Turned up to maximum, the noise cancelling is very effective, blocking or diminishing even the most difficult of sudden or loud noises. The difference between the Headphones 700 and even mid-range models is night and day. You get what you pay for.

Bose has re-engineered its noise-cancelling system for greater flexibility. Now you can choose from 11 levels from maximum noise blocking to fully open, piping ambient sounds from your environment into the headphones using the microphones on their surface.

That means if you want some awareness of what’s happening around you, such as conversations in an office, but without the hum of air conditioning or computers you can adjust the level accordingly. The ambient sound mode is a cut above too, sounding far more natural and open than any other similar technology I’ve used.

Press the noise-cancelling button on the left ear cup to switch between three favourite noise-cancelling levels, which default to zero, five and 10. Every time you switch levels or in and out of conversation mode, the noise-cancelling ramps smoothly up and down again like someone turning a big analogue volume knob. It’s a small detail that makes the whole experience feel all the more luxurious.

Great sound

 If you like super-clean, full sound, these headphones hit the spot. Photograph: Samuel Gibbs/The Guardian 
Bose products always have a signature sound that has proven divisive in audiophile circles. The Headphones 700 are no different. If you didn’t like how the QC35 or even the original TriPort headphones sounded, you won’t like these.

If you do, then you’ll be treated to well-balanced audio with punch in the low end for a fully rounded sound and clarity in the highs to make tracks sparkle. You’ll also hear an almost clinical separation of tones, which allows individual instruments and notes to stand boldly on their own, not blended into a mush.

The Headphones 700 can handle most music genres well, with an easy listening and open sound that’s slightly more spacious than the QC35. Overall they are some of the most consistent and best-sounding headphones you can buy, right up their with Sony’s MX-1000M3.

There is no equaliser control yet, but Bose said it was working on the ability to adjust the sound of the headphones as part of its new architecture.





Samsung flip
https://www.theverge.com/2020/2/21/21146465/samsung-galaxy-z-flip-review-folding-glass-flip-phone-screen-camera-price

ThereThere are two big things to address with folding phones: the screen and the hinge. These two parts are such a focus because they’re the things that aren’t yet solved problems in the phone world. It’s where the experimentation is happening, and it’s also where the biggest points of failure are found.

All three folding phones so far have had some sort of entirely predictable durability drama happen right after their launch. For the Z Flip, it’s twofold. First, the screen is much more susceptible to scratches and dings than its glass material implies. Second, the hinge’s new, somewhat-more-debris-resistant design isn’t foolproof.

Let’s start with the screen because that’s the most concerning thing. Yes, it really does use glass that bends, which is an undeniable feat of engineering. But as The Verge’s Sean Hollister explained earlier this week, there’s actually a relatively simple explanation for how Samsung pulled that off: “practically anything can be bent if you make it thin enough.”



THIS GLASS ISN’T AS DURABLE AS GLASS IS EXPECTED TO BE
Samsung’s so-called “Ultra Thin Glass” is 30 microns thick, on the order of a very thin human hair. That has consequences. Chief among them: any ding or nick in the glass could be catastrophic.

To solve for that, Samsung covered the glass with a second, plastic layer. That layer is fairly soft, which is why it picks up indentations from fingernails if you press too hard and why it scratched so easily under Zack Nelson’s metal picks in his classic JerryRigEverything test. And because the glass underneath that plastic layer is so thin, it can be punctured relatively easily. Puncturing the Z Flip’s glass screen utterly destroys the OLED display underneath, whereas on a regular phone, you might just have a cracked screen to live with.

So what’s the point of having a glass screen if it’s just as fragile and vulnerable as a plastic one? Well, Samsung gets to say it shipped the first folding phone with a glass screen. I think that’s probably the main reason.

But there are subtler benefits. It really does feel firmer under my thumb than other folding screens. It’s like having a plastic screen protector on a regular phone. I also would like to think that it will actually end up being somewhat more durable than plastic in the long term, but we won’t know if that’s actually true for some time. Samsung will provide a one-time replacement for $119 if it breaks.

Then there’s the crease in the middle of the screen. It is there, no getting around it. I can see it when I’m looking for it, but I don’t see it when I’m not. It also feels a little odd, but not so much to put me off like it did on the Razr. The screen is also surrounded by big, raised plastic bezels. I don’t love them, but I also understand their necessity and don’t find them especially annoying.

As far as screen quality goes, I think it’s a step above other folding screens but can’t stand up to a direct comparison with a Galaxy S10 or iPhone 11. I don’t have any real complaints about the quality, brightness, color, and resolution, nor do I have any effusive praise. It is, as I alluded to at the top, totally normal. However, it’s a very tall, narrow screen, which can make watching most video a little awkward because of the black bars on either side.


OnOn to the hinge, the other source of angst for folding phones. There are four things to know about it.




VR rig google jump A31
https://techthelead.com/yi-taking-lead-17-camera-vr-rig-powered-google-jump/
Yi has been releasing awesome gear since we can remember. Last summer, they impressed us with a 4K camera – a reply to GoPro’s much more expensive version. At IFA 2016, we got to test their handheld gimbal and once again, we couldn’t spot any significant turn-offs. Now, the Xiaomi-backed Yi Technology is announcing two new cameras, one for Google Jump and another 360 cam for amateurs #realitymagic

Yi Technology has revealed at the NAB conference in Las Vegas two brand new cameras. Yi Halo is meant as a professional VR cam that encourages filmmakers to use Google Jump, the company’s high-end creation platform. It’s a huge 17-camera rig (one more than the GoPro Odyssey offers) that shoots 3D-360 video in 8K resolution at 30 fps or 5.8K resolution at 60fps. Yi used altered versions of their 4K camera to make the rig and upgraded it with a touchscreen control panel and a smartphone app addition. Plus, as opposed to other similar VR cams, this one helps users line up the horizon by employing different levels on the rig.



If you’re dying to test one, good news: Google is inviting filmmakers to test Yi Halo. You just have to send an application to Google to be part of the Jump Start program. After admission, you will have access to a Halo camera rig and Google’s Jump Assembler service. Applications can be sent to Google until May 22nd.


virtual reality 2020
https://www.techradar.com/uk/news/the-best-vr-headset
Best VR for console gamers: PlayStation VR
Virtual reality has made it to consoles, and it's stunning

Availability: Out now | Price: $299 / £259 / AU$655


£248.26 A32
VIEW AT AMAZON
£259.85
View at Base.com
£259.99
View at Studio
See all prices (13 found)
700 Amazon customer reviews
☆☆☆☆☆
AffordableNear PC-quality performanceGood selection of gamesLacking required accessories in boxPoor job sealing out lightSpotty motion controller tracking
There's no getting around the fact that in order to run either the HTC Vive, HTC Vive Pro or the Oculus Rift you need a pretty high-end gaming PC, which is not an insignificant investment for most people.

Sony has addressed one of our biggest objections with the PlayStation VR – that its accessories are sold separately – by offering a variety of packs and bundles with devices like the PlayStation Camera included. However, PlayStation Move controllers, while included in some bundles, aren't in every one.

While you have to be aware of the additional cost involved, depending on what bundle you opt for, recent price cuts have made the PlayStation VR even more affordable. It may not be the best VR headset, but the PSVR is certainly making a strong case to users and some will find it's the best for them at this moment in time. And if you're thinking about going PlayStation in the next generation, the PS5 is going to support PSVR too.


https://www.techradar.com/uk/news/the-best-vr-headset
The best VR headset: Valve Index A33
The Valve Index is the next-generation VR headset we’ve been waiting for

Availability: Out now | Price: $999 / £919 / about AU$1,425

Widest field of view'Knuckle' controllersRequires a high-end GPUStill expensive
There’s little doubt that the Valve Index is the next-generation VR headset people have been clamoring for: it has an ultra-crisp display that runs fairly well even with older GPUs, a wider field of view, a higher refresh rate and Valve’s 'knuckle' controllers, which can track the movement of every finger. 

Around the house, there’s no doubt the Valve Index will be our default VR headset going forward. It’s a significant upgrade to the HTC Vive, and runs much smoother than the Vive Pro, a powerful VR headset that really struggled to deliver on the promise of high-end, room-scale VR. 

And yet, while the Valve Index is the best VR headsets yet released, it’s brought some of VR’s most annoying aspects along for the ride; setting it up can be painful, updates can cause connection issues, and you may find a new error the next time you go to use it. But, if you can look past those issues, this is a really good VR headset. Its higher-resolution screen and better refresh rate allowed us to use it for longer periods of time without discomfort, and the Index Controllers are a real step up from the ones that ship with the Vive.

It's expensive, yes—and at the moment stock can be hard to come by—but for the gamers who want next-level VR, the Valve Index is the only way to go.

Mirage Solo with Daydream
Lenovo Mirage Solo with Daydream
Free to explore
Meet Mirage Solo: The world’s first standalone Daydream VR Headset. Experience immersive virtual reality without a separate PC or smartphone. Deploy Google’s powerful WorldSense™ technology to lean, dodge, duck, move, avoid obstacles, and move naturally through an ever-growing library of virtual worlds. The future of VR has arrived.

https://www.techradar.com/uk/news/best-dronesA35
The DJI Mavic 2 Pro remains the best premium drone you can buy for a few reasons – it has a large sensor, it's a joy to fly, and the foldable design makes it portable and travel-friendly. If you need zoom or serious portability, then the Mavic 2 Zoom and Mavic Mini are worth investigating. But otherwise, this is fine all-rounder for those who need a bit more quality than the Mavic Air 2. Its 20MP one-inch sensor is capable of shooting Raw stills and 4K video at 30fps, while the aperture is adjustable between f/2.8 and f/11, which means less need for ND filters. What’s more, despite its impressive skill set, the Mavic 2 Pro is easy to fly and intuitive to control using its partner app, while a range of intelligent shooting and flight modes make capturing cinematic shots a cinch. It also offers some of the most advanced flight and camera tech currently available, making it capable of delivering pro-grade images, yet still accessible even for beginners. Provided you don’t need optical zoom, this is pretty much the perfect drone for most people, if you can afford it.

A36
The DJI Mavic 2 Zoom is largely identical to the Mavic 2 Pro, apart from one crucial difference – its camera system. While both drones are incredibly portable, sharing the same lightweight foldable design, and offer a range of high-spec features, the Zoom pairs a smaller 12MP sensor with an 24-48mm optical zoom lens. That means you can capture close-up shots of subjects like people, while still maintaining the safe and legal distance of 50m. Because of the smaller sensor, image quality doesn’t quite match the Mavic 2 Pro and the f/2.8 aperture is fixed, but photos and videos are still more than good enough for professional use. The real boon is that zoom lens, which unlocks a world of creative shooting potential. Range is good, distortion minimal and control is intuitive via the partner app. On top of that, you get all of the intelligent flight modes you’d expect from a DJI drone, including Active Track and Hyperlapse, as well as a decent 30-minute flight time. If you want a drone with zoom, this is the one for you.

A37
The DJI Mavic Mini is a perfectly timed masterstroke on DJI's part. It tackles drone law changes across the US and UK head-on, while also delivering great video quality in a premium, compact body. 

Laws now state that drones weighing over 250g need to be registered with aviation authorities – the FAA in the US and Civil Aviation Authority in the UK – and before the Mavic Mini launched, there weren't any well-reviewed options in this featherweight category. Which means that, right now, DJI has secured itself a monopoly in the sub-250g premium drone market because, unlike one of its main rivals, the Parrot Anafi, that weighs around 300g, the Mavic Mini doesn't need to be registered.

It isn't quite our dream drone as the absence of 4K, or 2.6K 60fps video recording is felt, but the DJI Mavic Mini is still in a league of its own, pairing a compact, light body with a robust flying experience and decent-quality video capture.

